he's already thing we're about to take
off to Austin we have a gig at a taquito
thank you for everybody for supporting
your evo life path he's done compadre
Frank yeah Danny Danny please como
estamos bien dormido cansados dormir y
se como no go check you out later on a
taquito
estamos and taquitos a little para mis
amigos a rebel rebel literally yeah
I
hey I want to send a shout-out to
everybody in that set of the computer
shadows to Tejano gold radio for
supporting us shut us too international
Latin grooveshark we're number 7 as of
now chatter to Selena shadows to a store
phone to a Francisco Lozano we're about
to play right now it's Saturday it's
we're going to have a great event
tonight we're gonna post a little video
hopefully like
you